Every
year
in the
United
States.
We
celebrate
Mother's
Day
on the
second
Sunday
in
May.
So
in
honor
of
mothers
and
mothering
today
we
talk
about
expressions
that
use
the
words
baby,
child
or
kid.
Ow!
Ow,
ow,
ow.
Babies.
Babies
need
lots
of
love,
care
and
attention.
Most
new
parents
spend
every
waking
moment
caring
for,
worrying
over
and
thinking
about
their
baby.
This
applies
to
other
things
too.
In
American
English.
Anything
that you
have
focused
and
worked
on
for
long
periods
of
time
can
become
your
baby.
Let's
say
your
friend
Sam
is
opening
a new
coffee
shop.
He
has
invested
his
own
money
into
it.
For
months.
He
spends
all
day,
every
day
getting
the
shop
ready
for
customers.
In the
evenings,
he
works
on
hiring,
advertising
and
menu
options.
And
at
night,
as he
tries
to
sleep,
he
worries
about
it.
He
really
wants
it to
be
a
success.
So
when
Sam's
friend
asks
about
the
progress
of the
business,
she
could
say,
So
how
is your
baby
coming
along?
Yes.
Using
baby
in
this
way
is
slightly
informal,
but
it is
very
common
and
okay
to
use
in
just
about
any
situation.
The
opposite
of
caring
for a
baby
would
be
throwing
it out
with
its
bathwater.
What?
That
is
terrible.
You might
be
saying.
Yes,
it
is
terrible.
Except
when
we do
it in
conversation,
then
it
is
a
useful
expression.
Throwing
the
baby
out
with the
bathwater
means
to
get
rid
of
all
something
like
the
baby
and the
water
it was
bathing
in,
even
though
some
parts
of
it
were
valuable
and
definitely
worth
keeping
like
the
baby.
We
often
use
this
expression
when
we
advise
people
to
not
act
rashly
or
go
to
extremes.
For
example,
let's
say
a
married
couple
has
been
working
with a
designer
for
months
on
redecorating
their
home.
They
choose
furniture,
carpeting
and
wall
color.
But
then
suddenly
the
designer
pulls
out of
the
project.
The
husband
and
wife
are
upset.
The
husband
does
not
want to
start
from
the
beginning.
He
didn't
enjoy
doing
it the
first
time.
But
the
wife
says,
look,
there's
no
need
to
throw
the
baby
out
with
the
bathwater.
Let's
keep
all
things
we have
already
chosen.
We
can
hire
a new
designer
just
to help
us
put
them in
the
house.
Problem
solved.
Not
all
expressions
related
to
children
are
actually
about
children.
Some
of
them
are
about
adults.
If
an
adult
is a
babe
in the
woods,
he
is
defenseless
and
naive.
He
is
easily
fooled
and
nobody
expects
much
from
him.
The
opposite
of
a
babe in
the
woods
is
a
veteran.
Someone
who
is
seasoned
or
experienced.
For
example,
the
law
office
had
mostly
seasoned
professional
lawyers.
But
one
young
man
was
just
out of
school.
He
did
not
even
know
the
most
basic
rules
for the
courtroom.
As a
result,
he
lost
his
first
case.
The
judge
called
him
a
babe
in the
woods.
Such
a
person
is
different
than
a
new
kid
on
the
block.
A new
kid
on the
block
is
simply
a
newcomer
to a
group
of
people
who
know
each
other
well.
Here,
block
means
part
of a
neighborhood.
When
you are
the
new
kid
on the
block,
you
do
not
know
yet
how
things
operate
in a
new
environment.
Your
ignorance
can be
good
or
bad.
Maybe
you
bring
new
energy,
skills
or
talent
to the
group.
Or
maybe
you
spend a
lot of
time
wandering
around
looking
for the
bathroom.
Whether
you are
a
teenager
in a
new
high
school
or
a
grown
up
starting
a new
job,
being
the
new
kid on
the
block
is
often
uncomfortable.
Do
you
know
what
is
not
uncomfortable
playing?
Children
do
it
naturally
and
effortlessly.
So
when
we
say
a
job
is
child's
play,
we
mean
it
is
very
easy
to
do.
Note
that
this
expression
can
be
a
little
mean
because
it
suggests
that
the
work
is
so
simple.
Even
a
child
could
do
it,
which
is
actually
its
own
expression.
Let's
say
in a
meeting,
one
of your
coworkers
says
that
she
finds
creating
a
spreadsheet
really
difficult.
You
say
loudly
to
everyone.
Really?
I
finished
mine
in a
few
minutes.
It
was
child's
play.
You
just
input
the
information.
This
makes
your
coworker
angry.
She
is
so
angry
with
you
that
she
looks
for a
way
to
get you
back.
In
other
words,
she
might
do
something
mean
in
return.
At
lunch
time,
she
finds
her
chance.
When
you
step
outside
for
something
to
eat,
you
leave
all
your
notes
about
an
important
top
secret
meeting
on
your
desk.
When
you
return,
your
coworker
is
telling
everyone
else
about the
details
of the
meeting,
details
that
no
one
was
supposed
to
know.
You
say
to
her?
Where
did you
get
that
information?
She
looks at
you
coldly
on
your
desk.
She
says
it
was like
taking
candy
from
a
baby.
Of
course,
babies
should
not
be
eating
candy.
But
if a
baby
were
eating
candy
and
an
adult
took it
away,
the
baby
could
not
fight
back.
He
might
cry
and
be
upset.
But
he
is
helpless
compared
to the
adult.
And
that
is the
situation
with your
coworker.
She
just
walked
in
and
picked
up your
notes.
She
is the
adult.
The
notes
are the
candy.
And
unfortunately,
you
are the
baby.
Now,
if
someone
takes
candy
away
from a
baby,
the
parents
might
demand
that
the
person
replace
it.
This
isn't
so
bad.
Going
to a
candy
store
is
fun.
For
many
kids,
being
in a
candy
store
is
pure
joy.
Wide
eyed
and
smiling
from
ear
to
ear.
They
run
from
sweet
to
sweet,
imagining
how
everything
will
taste
and
trying
to
decide
what
to
choose.
So
if
someone
is
very
excited
about
all
the
possibilities
in
front
of
her,
we
say
she
is
like
a
kid
in a
candy
store.
For
example,
whenever
I
go
into a
library,
I
feel
like
a
kid
in a
candy
store.
There
are
so
many
books
I
haven't
read
and
I
don't
know
where
to
start
first.